c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\DnsShopChecker.exe.config
c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\DnsShopChecker.exe
c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\DnsShopChecker.pdb
c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\obj\Debug\DnsShopChecker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\obj\Debug\DnsShopChecker.exe
c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\obj\Debug\DnsShopChecker.pdb
c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\Telegram.Bot.dll
c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\obj\Debug\DnsShopChecker.csproj.App.config
c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\Telebot.dll
c:\users\densu\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\Telebot.xml
C:\Users\densu\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\densu\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\densu\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\densu\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DnsShopChecker\DnsShopChecker\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
